#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.6
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via django
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.0.4
    # via sacremoses
dataclasses==0.8
    # via
    #   torch
    #   transformers
django==3.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
filelock==3.4.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
hazm==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
huggingface-hub==0.4.0
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
idna==3.3
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.8.3
    # via
    #   click
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via tqdm
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
libwapiti==0.2.1
    # via hazm
nltk==3.3
    # via
    #   hazm
    #   sentence-transformers
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
openpyxl==3.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pandas==1.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==8.4.0
    # via torchvision
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via pandas
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2022.3.15
    # via
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
sacremoses==0.0.49
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.5.4
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.1.96
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   libwapiti
    #   nltk
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sacremoses
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via django
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.11.6
    # via transformers
torch==1.10.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.11.2
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.63.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sacremoses
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
xlrd==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
